In this video, you will launch the starter project.
I'm assuming you downloaded the course resources and if not, please go back to the workbooks and challenges
video.
In any case, follow this path in your course resources and launch the great submission app inside the
starter folder.
All right.
Once you launch it, go to the PubMed XML file and here you'll notice that I added the Def Tools dependency.
Def Tools was covered in your first challenge because it instruments your app to auto restart every
time you make changes.
At first, I'm always going to use Maven Clean Spring Boot to run to clean the target folder and start
fresh, and then I'll be using Def tools to accelerate the process.
All right.
You'll notice that I also added the time leaf dependency.
Don't worry too much about it.
For now.
All I can say is we need time leaf in order to work with HTML templates.
A template is dynamic html whose UI changes based on the data that you provide, but we'll get to that
later.
That's all for now.
This is the start of a project that we're going to start coding on.